japanese rock show and he's bison just
the same by fought before or limber i
remember what that guy's name was yes
jumping jab that's what i wanted how did
the game now what the fuck yes normal
attacks don't come on jumping nothing
yummy ok now I can't block no super yes
I'm loving it I love online play online
play where pro players can't do jack
fucking shit work yes I can't move you
guys just have no concept of how
frustrated I hand this guy should be
dead already look no ultra I did it
right there what i did i get a slide I
get that
another guy wants five fucking round I
he did a random ax fucking head stomp
out of nowhere he obviously has no idea
how to use that move over he's better
than me right
all that missed that's Maloney and you
can't even punish good he sucks oh
you'll lose your suck you can't just do
free scissor kick motherfucker I hate to
tell you I can punish it oh my god these
fucking online players are so garbage
only winning because of lag input lag
Wow